if you're going overseas. First of all, congratulations. That's a good
thing. Um, I think one of the first things you can do is just learn
about learn a little bit about where you're going. Um, I knew a lot
of people that came out to Japan when I was there, and they didn't
want to go there. Uh, I was fortunate enough to go out. There is a mid
shipment, so I knew a little bit about what I was getting into. But
not everybody does that. So but learning a little bit about the place
you're going understand? Learning a little bit about the culture
helps put it in perspective. And you might find some things that you
like that you didn't realize you're going to like what I can. I can
say that that being overseas is with the best experiences of I've
ever had, and I would recommend it to anybody. But if you don't want
to go and the Navy tells you that you're going to go, then uh, it's
best if you just embrace it and then kind of dive straight into it.
Despite the resentment you might feel